## Introduction
{:#introduction}

In recent times there are applications which are built on the basis of [Solid Protocol](cite:cites sambra2016solid). All these Web applications focus on keeping users data decentralized from the application themselves and give users a great liberty to be in control of their own data and who has access to it and how it is used. Since Solid Pods form personal [Knowledge Graphs], it consitutes [Linked Data documents](cite:cites linkeddata) which has [Resource Description Framework(RDF) triples](cite:cites spec:rdf). Each of these RDF triples have subject, predicate and object, where subject and object are resources identified by Uniform Resource Identifiers(URIs) or blank nodes. Predicates represent a relationship between subject and object. These resources are interconnected through RDF triples forming a Knowledge Graph in Solid Pods. Thus, SPARQL query language can be used to query over Solid Pods as it is the standard for querying Knowledge Graphs.

Solid pods can store any kind of data, RDF or non-RDF resources, in LDP Containers, similar to directories in document-oriented design models. These resources in LDP Containers can be read with HTTP GET requests to their URIs. With HTTP POST and PATCH requests, resources are created or modified. 

Every Solid Pod user will identify themselves using a URI called [WebID](cite:cites sambra2014webid). The users will then authenticate themseleves with [Solid OIDC] for reading and writing of resources. The WebID document has user's basic information and links to the root LDP container.  


In this demonstration we are showcasing two todo apps which are developed with two different frameworks, [React todo app](https://solidlabresearch.github.io/solid-todo-app-react/){:.mandatory} and [Vue todo app](https://solidlabresearch.github.io/solid-todo-app-vue/){:.mandatory}, are interoperable in the Solid ecosystem. The two apps access a single user's pod by authorizing with the user's WebID. The todo applications can create new tasks, mark them as completed or pending, modify the tasks and also delete the tasks in the user's pod. 